#  Appointment 5. Fellowship

## Memory Verses
- Romans 12:4-5 (4)For <f>ⓚ</f>as in one body we have many members, <f>[5]</f> and the members do not all have the same function,(5)so we, <f>ⓛ</f>though many, <f>ⓜ</f>are one body in Christ, and individually <f>ⓝ</f>members one of another.
- John 13:34-35 (34)<J><f>ⓖ</f> A new commandment <f>ⓗ</f>I give to you, <f>ⓘ</f>that you love one another: <f>ⓙ</f>just as I have loved you, you also are to love one another.</J>(35)<J><f>ⓚ</f> By this all people will know that you are my disciples, if you have love for one another.”</J>

## Verses
- Ephesians 2:13-14 (13)But now in Christ Jesus you who once were <f>ⓖ</f>far off have been brought near <f>ⓗ</f>by the blood of Christ.(14)For <f>ⓘ</f>he himself is our peace, <f>ⓙ</f>who has made us both one and has broken down <f>ⓚ</f>in his flesh the dividing wall of hostility
- Leviticus 10:3 (3)Then Moses said to Aaron, “This is what the LORD has said: ‘Among <f>ⓔ</f>those who are near me <f>ⓕ</f>I will be sanctified, and before all the people I will be glorified.’” <f>ⓖ</f>And Aaron held his peace.
- John 4:24 (24)<J>God is spirit, and those who worship him must worship in spirit and truth.”</J>
- Psalms 95:6 (6)<pb/><t>Oh come, let us worship and bow down; </t><t>let us <f>ⓘ</f>kneel before the LORD, our <f>ⓙ</f>Maker!</t>
- Ecclesiastes 5:1-2 (1)<pb/><f>[1]</f> <f>ⓐ</f>Guard your steps when you go to <f>ⓑ</f>the house of God. To draw near to listen is better than to <f>ⓒ</f>offer the sacrifice of fools, for they do not know that they are doing evil.(2)<f>[2]</f> Be not rash with your mouth, nor let your heart be hasty to utter a word before God, for God is in heaven and you are on earth. Therefore <f>ⓓ</f>let your words be few.
- Acts of the Apostles 2:42 (42)<pb/>And <f>ⓥ</f>they devoted themselves to the apostles' <f>ⓦ</f>teaching and the <f>ⓧ</f>fellowship, to <f>ⓨ</f>the breaking of bread and the prayers.
- 1 Chronicles 16:29 (29)<t>Ascribe to the LORD the glory due his name; </t><t>bring an offering and come before him! </t><t><f>ⓦ</f>Worship the LORD in the splendor of holiness; <f>[2]</f></t>
- Colossians 3:16 (16)Let <f>ⓡ</f>the word of Christ dwell in you richly, teaching and admonishing one another in all wisdom, <f>ⓢ</f>singing psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, <f>ⓣ</f>with thankfulness in your hearts to God.
- Psalms 47:1-2 (1)<pb/><t><f>ⓐ</f> <f>ⓑ</f> Clap your hands, all peoples! </t><t><f>ⓒ</f>Shout to God with loud songs of joy!</t>(2)<t>For the LORD, the Most High, <f>ⓓ</f>is to be feared, </t><t><f>ⓔ</f>a great king over all the earth.</t>
- Psalms 47:5 (5)<pb/><t>God <f>ⓘ</f>has gone up with a shout, </t><t>the LORD with the sound of a trumpet.</t>
- Romans 12:5 (5)so we, <f>ⓛ</f>though many, <f>ⓜ</f>are one body in Christ, and individually <f>ⓝ</f>members one of another.
- 1 Corinthians 12:14-26 (14)<pb/>For the body does not consist of one member but of many.(15)If the foot should say, “Because I am not a hand, I do not belong to the body,” that would not make it any less a part of the body.(16)And if the ear should say, “Because I am not an eye, I do not belong to the body,” that would not make it any less a part of the body.(17)If the whole body were an eye, where would be the sense of hearing? If the whole body were an ear, where would be the sense of smell?(18)But as it is, <f>ⓓ</f>God arranged the members in the body, each one of them, <f>ⓔ</f>as he chose.(19)If all were a single member, where would the body be?(20)As it is, there are many parts, <f>[5]</f> yet one body.(21)<pb/>The eye cannot say to the hand, “I have no need of you,” nor again the head to the feet, “I have no need of you.”(22)On the contrary, the parts of the body that seem to be weaker are indispensable,(23)and on those parts of the body that we think less honorable we bestow the greater honor, and our unpresentable parts are treated with greater modesty,(24)which our more presentable parts do not require. But God has so composed the body, giving greater honor to the part that lacked it,(25)that there may be no division in the body, but that the members may have the same care for one another.(26)If one member suffers, all suffer together; if one member is honored, <f>ⓕ</f>all rejoice together.
- 1 Corinthians 12:27 (27)<pb/>Now <f>ⓖ</f>you are the body of Christ and individually <f>ⓗ</f>members of it.
- Ephesians 4:4 (4)There is <f>ⓘ</f>one body and <f>ⓙ</f>one Spirit — just as you were called to the one <f>ⓚ</f>hope that belongs to your call —
- John 17:11 (11)<J>And I am no longer in the world, but <f>ⓓ</f>they are in the world, and <f>ⓔ</f>I am coming to you. <f>ⓕ</f>Holy Father, <f>ⓖ</f>keep them in your name, <f>ⓗ</f>which you have given me, <f>ⓘ</f>that they may be one, <f>ⓙ</f>even as we are one.</J>
- 2 Corinthians 5:19 (19)that is, in Christ God was reconciling <f>[3]</f> the world to himself, <f>ⓓ</f>not counting their trespasses against them, and entrusting to us <f>ⓔ</f>the message of reconciliation.
- John 17:21 (21)<J><f>ⓘ</f> that they may all be one, just as you, Father, are in me, and I in you, that <f>ⓙ</f>they also may be in <f>ⓚ</f>us, so that the world <f>ⓛ</f>may believe that you have sent me.</J>
- Ephesians 4:7 (7)But <f>ⓠ</f>grace was given <f>ⓡ</f>to each one of us <f>ⓢ</f>according to the measure of Christ's gift.
- Romans 14:1 (1)<pb/>As for <f>ⓐ</f>the one who is weak in faith, welcome him, but not to quarrel over opinions.
- Ephesians 2:11-12 (11)<pb/>Therefore remember that at one time you Gentiles in the flesh, called “the uncircumcision” by what is called <f>ⓑ</f>the circumcision, which is made in the flesh by hands —(12)remember <f>ⓒ</f>that you were at that time separated from Christ, <f>ⓓ</f>alienated from the commonwealth of Israel and strangers to <f>ⓔ</f>the covenants of promise, <f>ⓕ</f>having no hope and without God in the world.
- John 13:34 (34)<J><f>ⓖ</f> A new commandment <f>ⓗ</f>I give to you, <f>ⓘ</f>that you love one another: <f>ⓙ</f>just as I have loved you, you also are to love one another.</J>
- 1 John 3:18 (18)Little children, let us not <f>ⓛ</f>love in word or talk but in deed and <f>ⓜ</f>in truth.
- Acts of the Apostles 4:32 (32)<pb/>Now the full number of those who believed were of <f>ⓩ</f>one heart and <f>ⓐ</f>soul, and no one said that any of the things that belonged to him was his own, but <f>ⓑ</f>they had everything in common.
- 1 Thessalonians 5:11 (11)Therefore encourage one another and build one another up, just as you are doing.
- 1 Thessalonians 2:13 (13)<pb/>And <f>ⓔ</f>we also thank God constantly <f>[4]</f> for this, that when you received <f>ⓕ</f>the word of God, which you heard from us, you accepted it <f>ⓖ</f>not as the word of men <f>[5]</f> but as what it really is, the word of God, <f>ⓗ</f>which is at work in you believers.
- John 17:20-21 (20)<pb/><J>“I do not <f>ⓖ</f>ask for these only, but also for those <f>ⓗ</f>who will believe in me through their word,</J>(21)<J><f>ⓘ</f> that they may all be one, just as you, Father, are in me, and I in you, that <f>ⓙ</f>they also may be in <f>ⓚ</f>us, so that the world <f>ⓛ</f>may believe that you have sent me.</J>
