#  Appointment 6. Witnessing

## Memory Verses
- Romans 1:16 (16)<pb/>For <f>ⓒ</f>I am not ashamed of the gospel, for it is <f>ⓓ</f>the power of God for salvation to everyone who believes, to the Jew <f>ⓔ</f>first and also to <f>ⓕ</f>the Greek.
- 1 Peter 3:15 (15)but <f>ⓦ</f>in your hearts honor Christ the Lord as holy, <f>ⓧ</f>always being prepared to make a defense to anyone who asks you for a reason for the hope that is in you; yet do it with gentleness and <f>ⓨ</f>respect,

## Verses
- Genesis 1:28 (28)<pb/>And God blessed them. And God said to them, <f>ⓢ</f>“Be fruitful and multiply and fill the earth and subdue it, and have dominion over the fish of the sea and over the birds of the heavens and over every living thing that moves on the earth.”
- Matthew 28:19-20 (19)<J><f>ⓧ</f> Go therefore and <f>ⓨ</f>make disciples of <f>ⓩ</f>all nations, <f>ⓐ</f>baptizing them <f>ⓑ</f>in <f>[2]</f> <f>ⓒ</f>the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit,</J>(20)<J>teaching them <f>ⓓ</f>to observe all that <f>ⓔ</f>I have commanded you. And behold, <f>ⓕ</f>I am with you always, to <f>ⓖ</f>the end of the age.”</J>
- Acts of the Apostles 1:8 (8)<J>But you will receive <f>ⓞ</f>power <f>ⓟ</f>when the Holy Spirit has come upon you, and <f>ⓠ</f>you will be <f>ⓡ</f>my witnesses in Jerusalem and in all Judea and <f>ⓢ</f>Samaria, and <f>ⓣ</f>to the end of the earth.”</J>
- Genesis 3:17-18 (17)<pb/>And to Adam he said, <pb/><t>“Because you have listened to the voice of your wife </t><t>and have eaten of the tree </t><t><f>ⓡ</f>of which I commanded you, </t><t>‘You shall not eat of it,’ </t><t><f>ⓢ</f>cursed is the ground because of you; </t><t><f>ⓣ</f>in pain you shall eat of it all the days of your life;</t>(18)<t>thorns and thistles it shall bring forth for you; </t><t>and you shall eat the plants of the field.</t>
- Genesis 2:15 (15)<pb/>The LORD God took the man <f>ⓞ</f>and put him in the garden of Eden to work it and keep it.
- Colossians 3:23 (23)<f>ⓑ</f> Whatever you do, work heartily, <f>ⓒ</f>as for the Lord and not for men,
- John 1:40-42 (40)<f>ⓜ</f> One of the two who heard John speak and followed Jesus <f>[11]</f> was Andrew, Simon Peter's brother.(41)He first found his own brother Simon and said to him, “We have found <f>ⓝ</f>the Messiah” (which means Christ).(42)He brought him to Jesus. Jesus looked at him and said, <J>“You are Simon the son of <f>ⓞ</f>John. You shall be called <f>ⓟ</f>Cephas”</J> (which means <f>ⓠ</f>Peter <f>[12]</f>).
- Acts of the Apostles 22:15 (15)for <f>ⓒ</f>you will be a witness for him to everyone of what <f>ⓓ</f>you have seen and heard.
- Romans 1:16 (16)<pb/>For <f>ⓒ</f>I am not ashamed of the gospel, for it is <f>ⓓ</f>the power of God for salvation to everyone who believes, to the Jew <f>ⓔ</f>first and also to <f>ⓕ</f>the Greek.
- Philippians 2:15 (15)that you may be blameless and innocent, <f>ⓖ</f>children of God <f>ⓗ</f>without blemish <f>ⓘ</f>in the midst of <f>ⓙ</f>a crooked and twisted generation, among whom you shine <f>ⓚ</f>as lights in the world,
- Matthew 5:16 (16)<J>In the same way, let your light shine before others, so <f>ⓐ</f>that <f>[2]</f> they may see your good works and <f>ⓑ</f>give glory to your Father who is in heaven.</J>
- John 9:25 (25)He answered, “Whether he is a sinner I do not know. One thing I do know, that though I <f>ⓓ</f>was blind, now I see.”
- 1 Peter 3:15 (15)but <f>ⓦ</f>in your hearts honor Christ the Lord as holy, <f>ⓧ</f>always being prepared to make a defense to anyone who asks you for a reason for the hope that is in you; yet do it with gentleness and <f>ⓨ</f>respect,
- 1 Corinthians 1:23-24 (23)but we preach Christ <f>ⓚ</f>crucified, a stumbling block to Jews and folly to Gentiles,(24)but to those who are called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ <f>ⓛ</f>the power of God and <f>ⓜ</f>the wisdom of God.
- John 14:6 (6)Jesus said to him, <J>“I am <f>ⓘ</f>the way, and <f>ⓙ</f>the truth, and <f>ⓚ</f>the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.</J>
- Acts of the Apostles 26:1-29 (1)<pb/>So <f>ⓐ</f>Agrippa said to Paul, “You have permission to speak for yourself.” Then Paul stretched out his hand and made his defense:(2)<pb/>“I consider myself fortunate that it is before you, King Agrippa, I am going to make my defense today <f>ⓑ</f>against all the accusations of the Jews,(3)especially because you are familiar with all the <f>ⓒ</f>customs and <f>ⓓ</f>controversies of the Jews. Therefore I beg you to listen to me patiently.(4)<pb/><f>ⓔ</f> “My manner of life from my youth, spent from the beginning among <f>ⓕ</f>my own nation and in Jerusalem, is known by all the Jews.(5)They have known for a long time, if they are willing to testify, that <f>ⓖ</f>according to the strictest <f>ⓗ</f>party of our <f>ⓘ</f>religion I have lived as <f>ⓙ</f>a Pharisee.(6)And now I stand here on trial because of my hope in <f>ⓚ</f>the promise made by God to our fathers,(7)<f>ⓛ</f> to which <f>ⓜ</f>our twelve tribes hope to <f>ⓝ</f>attain, as they earnestly worship night and day. And for this hope <f>ⓞ</f>I am accused by Jews, O king!(8)Why is it thought <f>ⓟ</f>incredible by any of you that God raises the dead?(9)<pb/><f>ⓠ</f> “I myself was convinced that I ought to do many things in opposing the name of <f>ⓡ</f>Jesus of Nazareth.(10)<f>ⓢ</f> And I did so in Jerusalem. I not only locked up many of the saints in prison after receiving authority <f>ⓣ</f>from the chief priests, but <f>ⓤ</f>when they were put to death I cast my vote against them.(11)And <f>ⓥ</f>I punished them often in all the synagogues and tried to make them <f>ⓦ</f>blaspheme, and <f>ⓧ</f>in raging fury against them I <f>ⓨ</f>persecuted them even to foreign cities.(12)<pb/>“In this connection <f>ⓩ</f>I journeyed to Damascus with the authority and commission of the chief priests.(13)At midday, O king, I saw on the way a light from heaven, brighter than the sun, that shone around me and those who journeyed with me.(14)And when we had all fallen to the ground, I heard a voice saying to me <f>ⓐ</f>in the Hebrew language, <f>[1]</f> <J>‘Saul, Saul, why are you persecuting me? It is hard for you to kick against the goads.’</J>(15)And I said, ‘Who are you, Lord?’ And the Lord said, <J>‘I am Jesus whom you are persecuting.</J>(16)<J>But rise and <f>ⓑ</f>stand upon your feet, for I have appeared to you for this purpose, <f>ⓒ</f>to appoint you as a servant and witness to the things in which you have seen me and to those in which I will appear to you,</J>(17)<J><f>ⓓ</f> delivering you from your people and from the Gentiles — <f>ⓔ</f>to whom I <f>ⓕ</f>am sending you</J>(18)<J><f>ⓖ</f> to open their eyes, so that they may turn from darkness to light and from <f>ⓗ</f>the power of Satan to God, that they may receive <f>ⓘ</f>forgiveness of sins and <f>ⓙ</f>a place among those who are sanctified <f>ⓚ</f>by faith in me.’</J>(19)<pb/>“Therefore, O King Agrippa, I was not disobedient to <f>ⓛ</f>the heavenly vision,(20)but declared first <f>ⓜ</f>to those in Damascus, <f>ⓝ</f>then in Jerusalem and throughout all the region of Judea, and also <f>ⓞ</f>to the Gentiles, that they should <f>ⓟ</f>repent and <f>ⓠ</f>turn to God, performing deeds <f>ⓡ</f>in keeping with their repentance.(21)For this reason <f>ⓢ</f>the Jews seized me in the temple and tried to kill me.(22)<f>ⓣ</f> To this day I have had the help that comes from God, and so <f>ⓤ</f>I stand here testifying both to small and great, saying nothing but what <f>ⓥ</f>the prophets and Moses said would come to pass:(23)<f>ⓦ</f> that the Christ <f>ⓧ</f>must suffer and that, <f>ⓨ</f>by being the first <f>ⓩ</f>to rise from the dead, <f>ⓐ</f>he would proclaim <f>ⓑ</f>light both to our people and to the Gentiles.”(24)<pb/>And as he was saying these things in his defense, Festus said with a loud voice, “Paul, <f>ⓒ</f>you are out of your mind; your great learning is driving you out of your mind.”(25)But Paul said, “I am not out of my mind, <f>ⓓ</f>most excellent Festus, but I am speaking <f>ⓔ</f>true and <f>ⓕ</f>rational words.(26)For <f>ⓖ</f>the king knows about these things, and to him I speak boldly. For I am persuaded that none of these things has escaped his notice, for this has not been done in a corner.(27)King Agrippa, do you believe the prophets? I know that you believe.”(28)And Agrippa said to Paul, “In a short time would you persuade me to be <f>ⓗ</f>a Christian?” <f>[2]</f>(29)And Paul said, “Whether short or long, I would to God that not only you but also all who hear me this day <f>ⓘ</f>might become such as I am — except for <f>ⓙ</f>these chains.”
- 2 Timothy 4:2 (2)preach the word; be ready in season and out of season; <f>ⓓ</f>reprove, rebuke, and <f>ⓔ</f>exhort, with complete patience and teaching.
- Colossians 1:28-29 (28)Him we proclaim, warning everyone and teaching everyone with all wisdom, that <f>ⓦ</f>we may present everyone <f>ⓧ</f>mature in Christ.(29)For this <f>ⓨ</f>I toil, <f>ⓩ</f>struggling <f>ⓐ</f>with all his energy that he powerfully works within me.
- John 4:7 (7)<pb/>A woman from Samaria came to draw water. Jesus said to her, <J> <f>ⓕ</f>“Give me a drink.”</J>
- Acts of the Apostles 8:30 (30)So Philip ran to him and heard him reading Isaiah the prophet and asked, “Do you understand what you are reading?”
