#  Appointment 8. Temptation

## Memory Verses
- 1 Corinthians 10:13 (13)No temptation has overtaken you that is not common to man. <f>ⓥ</f>God is faithful, and <f>ⓦ</f>he will not let you be tempted beyond your ability, but with the temptation he will also provide the way of escape, that you may be able to endure it.
- James 1:14-15 (14)But each person is tempted when he is lured and enticed by his own desire.(15)Then desire <f>ⓧ</f>when it has conceived gives birth to sin, and <f>ⓨ</f>sin when it is fully grown brings forth death.

## Verses
- 1 Corinthians 10:12 (12)Therefore <f>ⓤ</f>let anyone who thinks that he stands take heed lest he fall.
- James 1:2-4 (2)<pb/><f>ⓔ</f> Count it all joy, my brothers, <f>[2]</f> when you meet trials <f>ⓕ</f>of various kinds,(3)for you know that <f>ⓖ</f>the testing of your faith <f>ⓗ</f>produces steadfastness.(4)And let steadfastness have its full effect, that you may be <f>ⓘ</f>perfect and complete, lacking in nothing.
- James 1:13-14 (13)Let no one say when he is tempted, “I am being tempted by God,” for God cannot be tempted with evil, and he himself tempts no one.(14)But each person is tempted when he is lured and enticed by his own desire.
- Genesis 22:1 (1)<pb/>After these things <f>ⓐ</f>God tested Abraham and said to him, “Abraham!” And he said, “Here I am.”
- 1 Corinthians 10:13 (13)No temptation has overtaken you that is not common to man. <f>ⓥ</f>God is faithful, and <f>ⓦ</f>he will not let you be tempted beyond your ability, but with the temptation he will also provide the way of escape, that you may be able to endure it.
- Matthew 6:9 (9)<J><f>ⓞ</f> Pray then like this:</J> <pb/><t><J> <f>ⓟ</f>“Our Father in heaven,</J> </t><t><J> <f>ⓠ</f>hallowed be <f>ⓡ</f>your name. <f>[1]</f></J></t>
- Matthew 6:13 (13)<t><J>And <f>ⓧ</f>lead us not into temptation,</J> </t><t><J>but <f>ⓨ</f>deliver us from <f>ⓩ</f>evil. <f>[4]</f></J> </t>
- Psalms 119:9 (9)<pb/><t>How can <f>ⓛ</f>a young man keep his way pure? </t><t>By guarding it according to your word.</t>
- Psalms 119:11 (11)<t>I have <f>ⓞ</f>stored up your word in my heart, </t><t>that I might not sin against you.</t>
- 1 John 5:4-5 (4)For <f>ⓗ</f>everyone who has been born of God overcomes the world. And this is the victory that has overcome the world — <f>ⓘ</f>our faith.(5)Who is it that overcomes the world except the one who believes <f>ⓙ</f>that Jesus is the Son of God?
- James 4:7 (7)Submit yourselves therefore to God. <f>ⓘ</f>Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.
- Luke 22:3 (3)<pb/><f>ⓓ</f> Then <f>ⓔ</f>Satan entered into <f>ⓕ</f>Judas called Iscariot, who was of the number of the twelve.
- John 13:2 (2)During supper, when <f>ⓖ</f>the devil had already put it into the heart of Judas Iscariot, Simon's son, to betray him,
- James 4:7 (7)Submit yourselves therefore to God. <f>ⓘ</f>Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.
- Matthew 4:4-7 (4)But he answered, <J> <f>ⓗ</f>“It is written,</J> <pb/><t><J> <f>ⓘ</f>“‘Man shall not live by bread alone,</J> </t><t><J>but by every word that comes from the mouth of God.’”</J> </t>(5)<pb/><f>ⓙ</f> Then the devil took him to <f>ⓚ</f>the holy city and set him on the pinnacle of the temple(6)and said to him, “If you are the Son of God, throw yourself down, for it is written, <pb/><t><f>ⓛ</f>“‘He will command his angels concerning you,’ </t> <pb/>and <pb/><t>“‘On their hands they will bear you up, </t><t>lest you strike your foot against a stone.’” </t>(7)<pb/>Jesus said to him, <J>“Again <f>ⓜ</f>it is written, <f>ⓝ</f>‘You shall not <f>ⓞ</f>put the Lord your God to the test.’”</J>
- John 5:24 (24)<J>Truly, truly, I say to you, <f>ⓔ</f>whoever hears my word and <f>ⓕ</f>believes him who sent me has eternal life. He <f>ⓖ</f>does not come into judgment, but <f>ⓗ</f>has passed from death to life.</J>
- 1 John 5:13 (13)<pb/>I write <f>ⓥ</f>these things to you who <f>ⓦ</f>believe in the name of the Son of God, that you may know that you have eternal life.
- Psalms 119:11 (11)<t>I have <f>ⓞ</f>stored up your word in my heart, </t><t>that I might not sin against you.</t>
- 1 John 2:15-16 (15)<pb/><f>ⓐ</f> Do not love the world or the things in the world. <f>ⓑ</f>If anyone loves the world, the love of the Father is not in him.(16)For all that is in the world — <f>ⓒ</f>the desires of the flesh and <f>ⓓ</f>the desires of the eyes and pride of life <f>[3]</f> — is not from the Father but is from the world.
- Romans 12:2 (2)<f>ⓓ</f> Do not be conformed to this world, <f>[3]</f> but be transformed by <f>ⓔ</f>the renewal of your mind, that by testing you may <f>ⓕ</f>discern what is the will of God, what is good and acceptable and perfect. <f>[4]</f>
- Matthew 6:19-34 (19)<pb/><J><f>ⓖ</f> “Do not lay up for yourselves treasures on earth, where <f>ⓗ</f>moth and rust <f>[5]</f> destroy and where thieves <f>ⓘ</f>break in and steal,</J>(20)<J><f>ⓙ</f> but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust destroys and where thieves do not break in and steal.</J>(21)<J>For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.</J>(22)<pb/><J><f>ⓚ</f> “The eye is the lamp of the body. So, if your eye is healthy, your whole body will be full of light,</J>(23)<J><f>ⓛ</f> but if <f>ⓜ</f>your eye is bad, your whole body will be full of darkness. If then the light in you is darkness, how great is the darkness!</J>(24)<pb/><J><f>ⓝ</f> “No one can serve two masters, for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve God and <f>ⓞ</f>money. <f>[6]</f></J>(25)<pb/><J><f>ⓟ</f> “Therefore I tell you, <f>ⓠ</f>do not be anxious about your life, what you will eat or what you will drink, nor about your body, what you will put on. Is not life more than food, and the body more than clothing?</J>(26)<J><f>ⓡ</f> Look at the birds of the air: they neither sow nor reap nor gather into barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. <f>ⓢ</f>Are you not of more value than they?</J>(27)<J>And which of you by being anxious can add a single hour to his <f>ⓣ</f>span of life? <f>[7]</f></J>(28)<J>And why are you anxious about clothing? Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow: they neither toil nor spin,</J>(29)<J>yet I tell you, <f>ⓤ</f>even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these.</J>(30)<J>But if God so clothes the grass of the field, which today is alive and tomorrow is thrown into the oven, will he not much more clothe you, <f>ⓥ</f>O you of little faith?</J>(31)<J>Therefore do not be anxious, saying, ‘What shall we eat?’ or ‘What shall we drink?’ or ‘What shall we wear?’</J>(32)<J>For <f>ⓦ</f>the Gentiles seek after all these things, and <f>ⓧ</f>your heavenly Father knows that you need them all.</J>(33)<J>But <f>ⓨ</f>seek first <f>ⓩ</f>the kingdom of God and his righteousness, <f>ⓐ</f>and all these things will be added to you.</J>(34)<pb/><J><f>ⓑ</f> “Therefore do not be anxious about tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself. Sufficient for the day is its own trouble.</J>
- John 17:15 (15)<J>I <f>ⓥ</f>do not ask that you <f>ⓦ</f>take them out of the world, but that you <f>ⓧ</f>keep them from <f>ⓨ</f>the evil one. <f>[1]</f></J>
- 1 Samuel 11:1-4 (1)<pb/><f>ⓐ</f> Then Nahash the Ammonite went up and besieged <f>ⓑ</f>Jabesh-gilead, and all the men of Jabesh said to Nahash, <f>ⓒ</f>“Make a treaty with us, and we will serve you.”(2)But Nahash the Ammonite said to them, “On this condition I will make a treaty with you, <f>ⓓ</f>that I gouge out all your right eyes, and thus <f>ⓔ</f>bring disgrace on all Israel.”(3)The elders of Jabesh said to him, “Give us seven days' respite that we may send messengers through all the territory of Israel. Then, if there is no one to save us, we will give ourselves up to you.”(4)When the messengers came to <f>ⓕ</f>Gibeah of Saul, they reported the matter in the ears of the people, <f>ⓖ</f>and all the people wept aloud.
- 1 Timothy 2:22 
