#  Encounter 3. What is Jesus doing now?

## Verses
- Matthew 16:21 (21)<pb/><f>ⓛ</f> From that time Jesus began to show his disciples that <f>ⓜ</f>he must go to Jerusalem and <f>ⓝ</f>suffer many things from the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be killed, and on <f>ⓞ</f>the third day be raised.
- 고린도전서,1 Corinthians 15:3-8 (3)<pb/>For <f>ⓕ</f>I delivered to you as of first importance what I also received: that Christ died <f>ⓖ</f>for our sins <f>ⓗ</f>in accordance with the Scriptures,(4)that he was buried, that he was raised <f>ⓘ</f>on the third day <f>ⓙ</f>in accordance with the Scriptures,(5)and that <f>ⓚ</f>he appeared to Cephas, then <f>ⓛ</f>to the twelve.(6)Then he appeared to more than five hundred brothers at one time, most of whom are still alive, though some have fallen asleep.(7)Then he appeared to <f>ⓜ</f>James, then <f>ⓝ</f>to all the apostles.(8)Last of all, as to one untimely born, <f>ⓞ</f>he appeared also to me.
- Matthew 28:18 (18)And Jesus came and said to them, <J> <f>ⓥ</f>“All authority <f>ⓦ</f>in heaven and on earth has been given to me.</J>
- Romans 1:4 (4)and <f>ⓗ</f>was declared to be the Son of God <f>ⓘ</f>in power according to the Spirit of holiness by his resurrection from the dead, Jesus Christ our Lord,
- 사도행전,Acts of the Apostles 1:9-11 (9)And when he had said these things, as they were looking on, <f>ⓤ</f>he was lifted up, and <f>ⓥ</f>a cloud took him out of their sight.(10)And while they were gazing into heaven as he went, behold, <f>ⓦ</f>two <f>ⓧ</f>men stood by them in <f>ⓨ</f>white robes,(11)and said, <f>ⓩ</f>“Men of Galilee, why do you stand looking into heaven? This Jesus, who was taken up from you into heaven, <f>ⓐ</f>will <f>ⓑ</f>come in the same way as you saw him go into heaven.”
- 에베소서,Ephesians 1:20-23 (20)that he worked in Christ <f>ⓧ</f>when he raised him from the dead and <f>ⓨ</f>seated him at his right hand <f>ⓩ</f>in the heavenly places,(21)<f>ⓐ</f> far above <f>ⓑ</f>all rule and authority and power and dominion, and above <f>ⓒ</f>every name that is named, not only in <f>ⓓ</f>this age but also in the one to come.(22)And <f>ⓔ</f>he put all things under his feet and gave him as <f>ⓕ</f>head over all things to the church,(23)<f>ⓖ</f> which is his body, <f>ⓗ</f>the fullness of him <f>ⓘ</f>who fills <f>ⓙ</f>all in all.
- Acts of the Apostles 2:32 (32)This Jesus <f>ⓥ</f>God raised up, <f>ⓦ</f>and of that we all are witnesses.
- Acts of the Apostles 4:33 (33)And with great <f>ⓒ</f>power the apostles were giving their testimony to the resurrection of the Lord Jesus, and <f>ⓓ</f>great grace was upon them all.
- 로마서,Romans 6:4-5 (4)We were <f>ⓔ</f>buried therefore with him by baptism into death, in order that, just as <f>ⓕ</f>Christ was raised from the dead by <f>ⓖ</f>the glory of the Father, we too might walk in <f>ⓗ</f>newness of life.(5)<pb/>For <f>ⓘ</f>if we have been united with him in <f>ⓙ</f>a death like his, we shall certainly be united with him in a resurrection like his.
- 고린도전서,1 Corinthians 15:14-19 (14)And if Christ has not been raised, then our preaching is in vain and your faith is in vain.(15)We are even found to be misrepresenting God, because we testified about God that <f>ⓥ</f>he raised Christ, whom he did not raise if it is true that the dead are not raised.(16)For if the dead are not raised, not even Christ has been raised.(17)And if Christ has not been raised, your faith is futile and <f>ⓦ</f>you are still in your sins.(18)Then those also who <f>ⓧ</f>have fallen asleep in Christ have perished.(19)If in Christ we have hope <f>[2]</f> in this life only, <f>ⓨ</f>we are of all people most to be pitied.
