#  II. Fellowship. The Theory and practice of Quiet Time (QT)

## Verses
- Matthew 4:23 (23)<pb/><f>ⓚ</f> And he went throughout all Galilee, <f>ⓛ</f>teaching in their synagogues and <f>ⓜ</f>proclaiming the gospel of the kingdom and <f>ⓝ</f>healing every disease and every affliction among the people.
- Luke 5:15-16 (15)<f>ⓣ</f> But now even more the report about him went abroad, and great crowds gathered to hear him and to be healed of their infirmities.(16)But <f>ⓤ</f>he would withdraw to desolate places and <f>ⓥ</f>pray.
- Mark 1:35 (35)<pb/><f>ⓕ</f> And rising very early in the morning, while it was still dark, he departed and went out to a desolate place, and <f>ⓖ</f>there he prayed.
- Acts of the Apostles 13:22 (22)And <f>ⓩ</f>when he had removed him, <f>ⓐ</f>he raised up David to be their king, of whom he testified and said, <f>ⓑ</f>‘I have found in David the son of Jesse <f>ⓒ</f>a man after my heart, <f>ⓓ</f>who will do all my will.’
- Psalms 5:3 (3)<t>O LORD, in <f>ⓓ</f>the morning you hear my voice; </t><t>in the morning I prepare a sacrifice for you <f>[1]</f> and <f>ⓔ</f>watch. </t>
- Psalms 143:8 (8)<t><f>ⓡ</f> Let me hear in the morning of your steadfast love, </t><t>for in you I <f>ⓢ</f>trust. </t><t><f>ⓣ</f>Make me know the way I should go, </t><t><f>ⓤ</f>for to you I lift up my soul. </t>
- Romans 8:39 (39)nor height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus our Lord.
- Psalms 119:105 (105)<pb/><t><f>ⓧ</f> Your word is a lamp to my feet </t><t>and a light to my path.</t>
- Psalms 119:133 (133)<t><f>ⓡ</f> Keep steady my steps according to your promise, </t><t>and let no iniquity <f>ⓢ</f>get dominion over me.</t>
- 2 Corinthians 3:18 (18)And we all, with unveiled face, <f>ⓓ</f>beholding <f>ⓔ</f>the glory of the Lord, <f>[5]</f> <f>ⓕ</f>are being transformed into the same image <f>ⓖ</f>from one degree of glory to another. <f>[6]</f> For this comes from the Lord who is the Spirit.
- Luke 5:15-16 (15)<f>ⓣ</f> But now even more the report about him went abroad, and great crowds gathered to hear him and to be healed of their infirmities.(16)But <f>ⓤ</f>he would withdraw to desolate places and <f>ⓥ</f>pray.
- Mark 1:35 (35)<pb/><f>ⓕ</f> And rising very early in the morning, while it was still dark, he departed and went out to a desolate place, and <f>ⓖ</f>there he prayed.
- Psalms 119:15 (15)<t>I will <f>ⓣ</f>meditate on your precepts </t><t>and fix my eyes on your <f>ⓤ</f>ways.</t>
- Psalms 119:97 (97)<pb/><t>Oh how <f>ⓞ</f>I love your law! </t><t>It is my <f>ⓟ</f>meditation all the day.</t>
- 1 Timothy 4:7 (7)Have nothing to do with irreverent, <f>ⓞ</f>silly myths. Rather <f>ⓟ</f>train yourself for godliness;
- 1 Corinthians 9:25-26 (25)Every <f>ⓛ</f>athlete exercises self-control in all things. They do it to receive a perishable wreath, but we <f>ⓜ</f>an imperishable.(26)So I do not run aimlessly; I <f>ⓝ</f>do not box as one <f>ⓞ</f>beating the air.
- Hebrews 10:24-26 (24)And <f>ⓕ</f>let us consider how to stir up one another to love and good works,(25)<f>ⓖ</f> not neglecting to meet together, as is the habit of some, but encouraging one another, and <f>ⓗ</f>all the more as you see <f>ⓘ</f>the Day drawing near.(26)<pb/>For <f>ⓙ</f>if we go on sinning deliberately <f>ⓚ</f>after receiving the knowledge of the truth, <f>ⓛ</f>there no longer remains a sacrifice for sins,
- 2 Timothy 2:2 (2)and <f>ⓒ</f>what you have heard from me in the presence of many witnesses <f>ⓓ</f>entrust to faithful men, <f>[1]</f> <f>ⓔ</f>who will be able to teach others also.
- John 8:1-11 (1)<pb/>but Jesus went to the Mount of Olives.(2)<f>ⓐ</f> Early in the morning he came again to the temple. All the people came to him, and <f>ⓑ</f>he sat down and taught them.(3)The scribes and the Pharisees brought a woman who had been caught in adultery, and placing her in the midst(4)they said to him, “Teacher, this woman has been caught in the act of adultery.(5)Now <f>ⓒ</f>in the Law, Moses commanded us <f>ⓓ</f>to stone such women. So what do you say?”(6)This they said <f>ⓔ</f>to test him, <f>ⓕ</f>that they might have some charge to bring against him. Jesus bent down and wrote with his finger on the ground.(7)And as they continued to ask him, he stood up and said to them, <J> <f>ⓖ</f>“Let him who is without sin among you <f>ⓗ</f>be the first to throw a stone at her.”</J>(8)And once more he bent down and wrote on the ground.(9)But when they heard it, they went away one by one, beginning with the older ones, and Jesus was left alone with the woman standing before him.(10)Jesus stood up and said to her, <J>“Woman, where are they? Has no one condemned you?”</J>(11)She said, “No one, Lord.” And Jesus said, <J> <f>ⓘ</f>“Neither do I condemn you; go, and from now on <f>ⓙ</f>sin no more.”</J>]]
