#  Appointment 1. Assurance of Salvation

## Memory Verses
- 1 John 5:13 (13)<pb/>I write <f>ⓥ</f>these things to you who <f>ⓦ</f>believe in the name of the Son of God, that you may know that you have eternal life.
- John 5:24 (24)<J>Truly, truly, I say to you, <f>ⓔ</f>whoever hears my word and <f>ⓕ</f>believes him who sent me has eternal life. He <f>ⓖ</f>does not come into judgment, but <f>ⓗ</f>has passed from death to life.</J>

## Verses
- Revelation 3:20 (20)<J>Behold, I stand at the door and <f>ⓥ</f>knock. <f>ⓦ</f>If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, <f>ⓧ</f>I will come in to him and eat with him, and he with me.</J>
- Romans 8:1 (1)<pb/>There is therefore now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus. <f>[1]</f>
- 골로새서,Colossians 1:12-14 (12)<f>ⓓ</f> giving thanks <f>[4]</f> to the Father, who has qualified you <f>[5]</f> to share in <f>ⓔ</f>the inheritance of the saints in light.(13)He <f>ⓕ</f>has delivered us from <f>ⓖ</f>the domain of darkness and transferred us to <f>ⓗ</f>the kingdom of <f>ⓘ</f>his beloved Son,(14)<f>ⓙ</f> in whom we have redemption, the forgiveness of sins.
- John 1:12 (12)But to all who did receive him, <f>ⓢ</f>who believed in his name, <f>ⓣ</f>he gave the right <f>ⓤ</f>to become <f>ⓥ</f>children of God,
- 요한1서,1 John 5:11-13 (11)And this is the testimony, that God gave us <f>ⓢ</f>eternal life, and <f>ⓣ</f>this life is in his Son.(12)<f>ⓤ</f> Whoever has the Son has life; whoever does not have the Son of God does not have life.(13)<pb/>I write <f>ⓥ</f>these things to you who <f>ⓦ</f>believe in the name of the Son of God, that you may know that you have eternal life.
- John 5:24 (24)<J>Truly, truly, I say to you, <f>ⓔ</f>whoever hears my word and <f>ⓕ</f>believes him who sent me has eternal life. He <f>ⓖ</f>does not come into judgment, but <f>ⓗ</f>has passed from death to life.</J>
- Acts of the Apostles 16:31 (31)And they said, <f>ⓨ</f>“Believe in the Lord Jesus, and you will be saved, you <f>ⓩ</f>and your household.”
- 에베소서,Ephesians 2:8-9 (8)For <f>ⓠ</f>by grace you have been saved <f>ⓡ</f>through faith. And this is <f>ⓢ</f>not your own doing; <f>ⓣ</f>it is the gift of God,(9)<f>ⓤ</f> not a result of works, <f>ⓥ</f>so that no one may boast.
- 누가복음,Luke 23:42-43 (42)And he said, “Jesus, remember me <f>ⓛ</f>when you come into your kingdom.”(43)And he said to him, <J>“Truly, I say to you, today you will be with me in <f>ⓜ</f>paradise.”</J>
- 1 Corinthians 12:3 (3)Therefore I want you to understand that <f>ⓔ</f>no one speaking in the Spirit of God ever says “Jesus is <f>ⓕ</f>accursed!” and <f>ⓖ</f>no one can say “Jesus is Lord” except in the Holy Spirit.
- 요한복음,John 3:3-5 (3)Jesus answered him, <J>“Truly, truly, I say to you, unless one is <f>ⓖ</f>born <f>ⓗ</f>again <f>[2]</f> he cannot <f>ⓘ</f>see the kingdom of God.”</J>(4)Nicodemus said to him, “How can a man be born when he is old? Can he enter a second time into his mother's womb and be born?”(5)Jesus answered, <J>“Truly, truly, I say to you, unless one is born <f>ⓙ</f>of water and the Spirit, he cannot enter the kingdom of God.</J>
- Titus 3:5 (5)he saved us, <f>ⓗ</f>not because of works done by us in righteousness, but <f>ⓘ</f>according to his own mercy, by <f>ⓙ</f>the washing of regeneration and <f>ⓚ</f>renewal of the Holy Spirit,
- John 3:18 (18)<J><f>ⓗ</f> Whoever believes in him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe is condemned already, because he has not <f>ⓘ</f>believed in the name of the only Son of God.</J>
- John 10:30 (30)<J><f>ⓧ</f> I and the Father are one.”</J>
- 요한복음,John 14:8-9 (8)<pb/><f>ⓞ</f> Philip said to him, “Lord, <f>ⓟ</f>show us the Father, and it is enough for us.”(9)Jesus said to him, <J>“Have I been with you so long, and you still do not know me, Philip? <f>ⓠ</f>Whoever has seen me has seen the Father. How can you say, ‘Show us the Father’?</J>
- Matthew 14:33 (33)And <f>ⓔ</f>those in the boat <f>ⓕ</f>worshiped him, saying, <f>ⓖ</f>“Truly you are <f>ⓗ</f>the Son of God.”
- Matthew 27:54 (54)<f>ⓩ</f> When the centurion and those who were with him, <f>ⓐ</f>keeping watch over Jesus, saw the earthquake and what took place, they were filled with awe and said, <f>ⓑ</f>“Truly this was the Son <f>[9]</f> of God!”
- John 20:28 (28)Thomas answered him, <f>ⓟ</f>“My Lord and my God!”
- Acts of the Apostles 10:38 (38)how <f>ⓤ</f>God anointed Jesus of Nazareth <f>ⓥ</f>with the Holy Spirit and with <f>ⓦ</f>power. He went about doing good and healing all <f>ⓧ</f>who were oppressed by the devil, <f>ⓨ</f>for God was with him.
- Mark 10:45 (45)<J>For even the Son of Man came not to be served but <f>ⓧ</f>to serve, and <f>ⓨ</f>to give his life as a ransom for <f>ⓩ</f>many.”</J>
- Romans 5:8 (8)but <f>ⓛ</f>God shows his love for us in that <f>ⓜ</f>while we were still sinners, Christ died for us.
- Matthew 16:21 (21)<pb/><f>ⓛ</f> From that time Jesus began to show his disciples that <f>ⓜ</f>he must go to Jerusalem and <f>ⓝ</f>suffer many things from the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be killed, and on <f>ⓞ</f>the third day be raised.
- 에베소서,Ephesians 1:20-23 (20)that he worked in Christ <f>ⓧ</f>when he raised him from the dead and <f>ⓨ</f>seated him at his right hand <f>ⓩ</f>in the heavenly places,(21)<f>ⓐ</f> far above <f>ⓑ</f>all rule and authority and power and dominion, and above <f>ⓒ</f>every name that is named, not only in <f>ⓓ</f>this age but also in the one to come.(22)And <f>ⓔ</f>he put all things under his feet and gave him as <f>ⓕ</f>head over all things to the church,(23)<f>ⓖ</f> which is his body, <f>ⓗ</f>the fullness of him <f>ⓘ</f>who fills <f>ⓙ</f>all in all.
- John 3:16 (16)<pb/><J>“For <f>ⓑ</f>God so loved <f>ⓒ</f>the world, <f>[9]</f> <f>ⓓ</f>that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not <f>ⓔ</f>perish but have eternal life.</J>
- Acts of the Apostles 2:37 (37)<pb/>Now when <f>ⓗ</f>they heard this they were cut to the heart, and said to Peter and the rest of the apostles, “Brothers, <f>ⓘ</f>what shall we do?”
- Acts of the Apostles 7:54 (54)<pb/>Now when they heard these things <f>ⓓ</f>they were enraged, and they <f>ⓔ</f>ground their teeth at him.
- 사도행전,Acts of the Apostles 22:6-10 (6)<pb/><f>ⓞ</f> “As I was on my way and drew near to Damascus, about noon a great light from heaven suddenly shone around me.(7)And I fell to the ground and heard a voice saying to me, <J>‘Saul, Saul, why are you persecuting me?’</J>(8)And I answered, ‘Who are you, Lord?’ And he said to me, <J>‘I am <f>ⓟ</f>Jesus of Nazareth, whom you are persecuting.’</J>(9)<f>ⓠ</f> Now those who were with me saw the light but did not understand <f>[3]</f> the voice of the one who was speaking to me.(10)And I said, <f>ⓡ</f>‘What shall I do, Lord?’ And the Lord said to me, <J>‘Rise, and go into Damascus, and there you will be told all that is appointed for you to do.’</J>
- 2 Timothy 1:5 (5)I am reminded of <f>ⓛ</f>your sincere faith, a faith that dwelt first in your grandmother Lois and <f>ⓜ</f>your mother Eunice and now, I am sure, dwells in you as well.
- Luke 18:22 (22)When Jesus heard this, he said to him, <J>“One thing you still lack. <f>ⓙ</f>Sell all that you have and distribute to the poor, and you will have <f>ⓚ</f>treasure in heaven; and come, follow me.”</J>
- Luke 18:39 (39)And those who were in front <f>ⓘ</f>rebuked him, telling him to be silent. But he cried out all the more, “Son of David, have mercy on me!”
- Luke 18:41 (41)<J><f>ⓙ</f> “What do you want me to do for you?”</J> He said, “Lord, let me recover my sight.”
- 요한1서,1 John 5:9-13 (9)<f>ⓝ</f> If we receive the testimony of men, the testimony of God is greater, for this is the testimony of God <f>ⓞ</f>that he has borne concerning his Son.(10)Whoever believes in the Son of God <f>ⓟ</f>has the testimony in himself. Whoever does not believe God <f>ⓠ</f>has made him a liar, <f>ⓡ</f>because he has not believed in the testimony that God has borne concerning his Son.(11)And this is the testimony, that God gave us <f>ⓢ</f>eternal life, and <f>ⓣ</f>this life is in his Son.(12)<f>ⓤ</f> Whoever has the Son has life; whoever does not have the Son of God does not have life.(13)<pb/>I write <f>ⓥ</f>these things to you who <f>ⓦ</f>believe in the name of the Son of God, that you may know that you have eternal life.
- Romans 8:16 (16)<f>ⓓ</f> The Spirit himself bears witness with our spirit that we are children of God,
- 요한1서,1 John 2:3-6 (3)And by this we know that we have come to know him, if we <f>ⓓ</f>keep his commandments.(4)Whoever says “I know him” but does not keep his commandments <f>ⓔ</f>is a liar, and <f>ⓕ</f>the truth is not in him,(5)but whoever <f>ⓖ</f>keeps his word, in him truly <f>ⓗ</f>the love of God is perfected. <f>ⓘ</f>By this we may know that we are in him:(6)whoever says he <f>ⓙ</f>abides in him <f>ⓚ</f>ought to walk in the same way in which he walked.
