#  Appointment 4. Prayer

## Memory Verses
- John 15:7 (7)<J>If <f>ⓝ</f>you abide in me, and my words abide in you, <f>ⓞ</f>ask whatever you wish, and it will be done for you.</J>
- Philippians 4:6-7 (6)<f>ⓘ</f> do not be anxious about anything, <f>ⓙ</f>but in everything by prayer and supplication <f>ⓚ</f>with thanksgiving let your requests be made known to God.(7)And <f>ⓛ</f>the peace of God, <f>ⓜ</f>which surpasses all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.

## Verses
- Hebrews 4:14-16 (14)<pb/>Since then we have <f>ⓠ</f>a great high priest <f>ⓡ</f>who has passed through the heavens, Jesus, the Son of God, <f>ⓢ</f>let us hold fast our confession.(15)For we do not have a high priest <f>ⓣ</f>who is unable to sympathize with our weaknesses, but one who in every respect has been <f>ⓤ</f>tempted as we are, <f>ⓥ</f>yet without sin.(16)<f>ⓦ</f> Let us then with confidence draw near to the throne of grace, that we may receive mercy and find grace to help in time of need.
- John 16:24 (24)<J>Until now you have asked nothing in my name. <f>ⓥ</f>Ask, and you will receive, <f>ⓦ</f>that your joy may be full.</J>
- Matthew 6:6 (6)<J>But when you pray, <f>ⓘ</f>go into your room and shut the door and pray to your Father who is in secret. <f>ⓙ</f>And your Father who sees in secret will reward you.</J>
- Matthew 6:7 (7)<pb/><J>“And when you pray, do not heap up empty phrases as <f>ⓚ</f>the Gentiles do, for <f>ⓛ</f>they think that they will be heard <f>ⓜ</f>for their many words.</J>
- Hebrews 11:6 (6)And without faith it is impossible to please him, for whoever would draw near to God <f>ⓘ</f>must believe that he exists and <f>ⓙ</f>that he rewards those who seek him.
- Romans 8:34 (34)<f>ⓜ</f> Who is to condemn? Christ Jesus is the one who died — more than that, who was raised — <f>ⓝ</f>who is at the right hand of God, <f>ⓞ</f>who indeed is interceding for us. <f>[10]</f>
- Romans 8:26-27 (26)<pb/>Likewise the Spirit helps us in our weakness. For <f>ⓤ</f>we do not know what to pray for as we ought, but <f>ⓥ</f>the Spirit himself intercedes for us with groanings too deep for words.(27)And <f>ⓦ</f>he who searches hearts knows what is <f>ⓧ</f>the mind of the Spirit, because <f>[7]</f> the Spirit <f>ⓨ</f>intercedes for the saints <f>ⓩ</f>according to the will of God.
- John 14:6 (6)Jesus said to him, <J>“I am <f>ⓘ</f>the way, and <f>ⓙ</f>the truth, and <f>ⓚ</f>the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.</J>
- 1 Timothy 2:5 (5)For <f>ⓗ</f>there is one God, and there is one mediator between God and men, the man <f>[1]</f> Christ Jesus,
- John 14:14 (14)<J><f>ⓩ</f> If you ask me <f>[5]</f> anything in my name, I will do it.</J>
- John 14:13 (13)<J><f>ⓧ</f> Whatever you ask in my name, this I will do, that <f>ⓨ</f>the Father may be glorified in the Son.</J>
- Philippians 4:6-7 (6)<f>ⓘ</f> do not be anxious about anything, <f>ⓙ</f>but in everything by prayer and supplication <f>ⓚ</f>with thanksgiving let your requests be made known to God.(7)And <f>ⓛ</f>the peace of God, <f>ⓜ</f>which surpasses all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.
- Acts of the Apostles 1:14 (14)All these <f>ⓖ</f>with one accord <f>ⓗ</f>were devoting themselves to prayer, together with <f>ⓘ</f>the women and Mary the mother of Jesus, and <f>ⓙ</f>his brothers. <f>[3]</f>
- 1 Chronicles 29:1 (1)<pb/>And David the king said to all the assembly, “Solomon my son, whom alone God has chosen, is <f>ⓐ</f>young and inexperienced, and the work is great, for <f>ⓑ</f>the palace will not be for man but for the LORD God.
- Psalms 145:1-6 (1)<f>[1]</f> <pb/><t> <f>ⓐ</f> I will extol you, my God and <f>ⓑ</f>King, </t><t>and bless your name forever and ever.</t>(2)<t>Every day I will bless you </t><t><f>ⓒ</f>and praise your name forever and ever.</t>(3)<t><f>ⓓ</f> Great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised, </t><t>and his <f>ⓔ</f>greatness is unsearchable. </t>(4)<pb/><t><f>ⓕ</f> One generation shall commend your works to another, </t><t>and shall declare your mighty acts.</t>(5)<t>On <f>ⓖ</f>the glorious splendor of your majesty, </t><t>and on your wondrous works, I will meditate.</t>(6)<t>They shall speak of <f>ⓗ</f>the might of your awesome deeds, </t><t>and I will declare your greatness.</t>
- 1 John 1:9 (9)<f>ⓧ</f> If we confess our sins, he is <f>ⓨ</f>faithful and just to forgive us our sins and <f>ⓩ</f>to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
- Psalms 32:5 (5)<pb/><t>I <f>ⓗ</f>acknowledged my sin to you, </t><t>and I did not cover my iniquity; </t><t>I said, “I <f>ⓘ</f>will confess my transgressions to the LORD,” </t><t>and you forgave the iniquity of my sin. <pb/><i>Selah</i> <pb/></t>
- Ephesians 5:20 (20)<f>ⓞ</f> giving thanks always and for everything to God the Father <f>ⓟ</f>in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ,
- Psalms 100:4 (4)<pb/><t><f>ⓙ</f> Enter his gates with thanksgiving, </t><t>and his <f>ⓚ</f>courts with praise! </t><t>Give thanks to him; <f>ⓛ</f>bless his name! </t>
- Colossians 1:9-12 (9)<pb/>And so, <f>ⓣ</f>from the day we heard, <f>ⓤ</f>we have not ceased to pray for you, asking that <f>ⓥ</f>you may be filled with the knowledge of his will in all <f>ⓦ</f>spiritual wisdom and understanding,(10)so as <f>ⓧ</f>to walk in a manner worthy of the Lord, <f>ⓨ</f>fully pleasing to him: <f>ⓩ</f>bearing fruit in every good work and increasing in the knowledge of God;(11)<f>ⓐ</f> being strengthened with all power, according to his glorious might, for <f>ⓑ</f>all endurance and patience <f>ⓒ</f>with joy;(12)<f>ⓓ</f> giving thanks <f>[4]</f> to the Father, who has qualified you <f>[5]</f> to share in <f>ⓔ</f>the inheritance of the saints in light.
- Colossians 4:2-4 (2)<pb/><f>ⓐ</f> Continue steadfastly in prayer, being watchful in it <f>ⓑ</f>with thanksgiving.(3)At the same time, pray also for us, that God may <f>ⓒ</f>open to us a door for the word, <f>ⓓ</f>to declare the mystery of Christ, <f>ⓔ</f>on account of which I am in prison —(4)that I may make it clear, which is how I ought to speak.
- James 5:16 (16)Therefore, <f>ⓒ</f>confess your sins to one another and pray for one another, <f>ⓓ</f>that you may be healed. <f>ⓔ</f>The prayer of a righteous person has great power as it is working. <f>[2]</f>
- 1 Timothy 2:2 (2)<f>ⓐ</f> for kings and all who are in high positions, that we may lead a peaceful and quiet life, godly and <f>ⓑ</f>dignified in every way.
- Matthew 7:7-8 (7)<pb/><J><f>ⓗ</f> “Ask, <f>ⓘ</f>and it will be given to you; <f>ⓙ</f>seek, and you will find; <f>ⓚ</f>knock, and it will be opened to you.</J>(8)<J>For everyone who asks receives, and the one who seeks finds, and to the one who knocks it will be opened.</J>
- James 4:2-3 (2)You desire and do not have, so you murder. You covet and cannot obtain, so you fight and quarrel. You do not have, because you do not ask.(3)You ask and do not receive, because you ask <f>ⓑ</f>wrongly, to spend it on your passions.
- John 15:7 (7)<J>If <f>ⓝ</f>you abide in me, and my words abide in you, <f>ⓞ</f>ask whatever you wish, and it will be done for you.</J>
- James 4:2-3 (2)You desire and do not have, so you murder. You covet and cannot obtain, so you fight and quarrel. You do not have, because you do not ask.(3)You ask and do not receive, because you ask <f>ⓑ</f>wrongly, to spend it on your passions.
- John 14:14 (14)<J><f>ⓩ</f> If you ask me <f>[5]</f> anything in my name, I will do it.</J>
- John 16:24 (24)<J>Until now you have asked nothing in my name. <f>ⓥ</f>Ask, and you will receive, <f>ⓦ</f>that your joy may be full.</J>
- Matthew 21:21 (21)And Jesus answered them, <J> <f>ⓕ</f>“Truly, I say to you, <f>ⓖ</f>if you have faith and <f>ⓗ</f>do not doubt, you will not only do what has been done to the fig tree, but even if you say to this mountain, <f>ⓘ</f>‘Be taken up and thrown into the sea,’ it will happen.</J>
- 1 John 5:14-15 (14)And this is <f>ⓧ</f>the confidence that we have toward him, that <f>ⓨ</f>if we ask anything according to his will he hears us.(15)And if we know that he hears us in whatever we ask, we know that we have the requests that we have asked of him.
